good morning today we want to present you a
home elevator cat
transformed from a car spending
lift bikes that are finished
as you can see now let's try to
see how they work and how to lift the
bike 'we are 233 kilos so what
let's talk about my partner will record
and I'm going to go to work
we put it under the engine
of weight
lift it a little
sometimes
I have already eaten
as you can see it is already raising the
floor almost almost
you see a lot
these cats lift up a car like
are designed for the car there will be no
no problem to lift a motorcycle
then we have space here for
remove the front wheel the rear one
as well
and what you want
Well this is the cat here
to make it look closer
as it is placed there below the
motor protector
here we have the cat the kind of expense
for cars
I put her arms here plus her arm that
comes original from the car and then others
Two arms and support
an angular profile and you're
I hope you liked this brightness and
may this be useful